Clarify `[+digest]` semantic (#215)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-corim: draft-ietf-rats-corim.md

{::include cddl/digest.cddl}
~~~

> An environment can be measured using different hash algorithms.

Author: ```suggestion
A measurement can be obtained using different hash algorithms.
```

  {{sec-comid-svn}}.

* `digests` (index 2): Contains the digest(s) of the measured environment

>   together with the respective hash algorithm used in the process.

Reviewer: Squash single sentence into 1 line.

Reviewer 2: This will be done in future PR.

Author: I'll let Henk who volunteered to make a pass over the whole document to "onelinearise" it

An Integrity Registers map groups together one or more measured "objects".
Each measured object has a unique identifier and one or more associated digests.
Identifiers are either unsigned integers or text strings and their type matters, e.g., unsigned integer 5 is distinct from the text string "5".
The digests use `digests-type` semantic ({{sec-common-hash-entry}}).

~~~ cddl
{::include cddl/integrity-registers.cddl}
~~~

All the measured objects in an Integrity Registers map are explicitly named and the order in which they appear in the map is irrelevant.

> Therefore, if multiple digests are provided, the acceptable state is their cross-product.

Author: ```suggestion
Any digests associated with a measured object represent an acceptable state for the object.
Therefore, if multiple digests are provided, the acceptable state is their cross-product.
```

An Integrity Registers map groups together one or more measured "objects".
Each measured object has a unique identifier and one or more associated digests.
Identifiers are either unsigned integers or text strings and their type matters, e.g., unsigned integer 5 is distinct from the text string "5".

> The digests use `digests-type` semantic ({{sec-common-hash-entry}}).

Reviewer: nit: "semantics" since I never see "semantic" describing program behavior.

> The digests use `digests-type` semantic ({{sec-common-hash-entry}}).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The digests use `digests-type` semantics ({{sec-common-hash-entry}}).
```
